.TH "QUASSEL" "1" "0.7.1" "Quassel IRC Team, Internet." ""
.SH "NAME" 
quassel \(em A modern, cross-platform and distributed IRC client. 
.SH "SYNPOSIS"
.B quassel
[\fIOPTION\fR]... 
.
.SH "OPTIONS" 
.TP
\fB\-\-add-user\fR
Starts an interactive session to add a new core user
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Display this help and exit
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR
The port quasselcore will listen at. Default is: 4242
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Display version information
.TP
\fB\-\-debugbufferswitches\fR
Enables debugging for bufferswitches                                                                   
.TP
\fB\-\-select-backend\fR=\fISELECT-BACKEND\fR    
Starts an interactive session and switches your current storage backend to the new one. Attempts a merge if the new backend is uninitialized and the old backend supports migration. Otherwise prompts for new user  credentials!
.TP
\fB\-\-listen\fR=\fILISTEN\fR      
The address(es) quasselcore will listen on. Default is: 0.0.0.0,::
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-logfile\fR=\fILOGFILE\fR                  
Path to logfile
.TP
\fB\-\-qss\fR=\fIQSS\fR      
Load a custom application stylesheet                                                                   
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-configdir\fR=\fICONFIGDIR\fR
Specify the directory holding configuration files, the SQlite database and the SSL certificate
.TP
\fB\-\-change-userpass\fR=\fICHANGE-USERPASS\fR
Starts an interactive session to change the password of the user identified by username
.TP
\fB\-\-debugmodel\fR
Enables debugging for models                                                                           
.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-norestore\fR
Don't restore last core's state
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR
Enable debug output
.TP
\fB\-L\fR, \fB\-\-loglevel\fR=\fILOGLEVEL\fR
Loglevel Debug|Info|Warning|Error. Default is: Info

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B Quassel IRC
is a modern, cross-platform, distributed IRC client, meaning that one (or multiple) client(s) can attach to and detach from a central core -- much like the popular combination of screen and a text-based IRC client such as WeeChat, but graphical. In addition to this uniqe feature, we aim to bring a pleasurable, comfortable chatting experience to all major platforms (including Linux\(rg, Windows\(rg, and MacOS X\(rg as well as Qtopia-based cell phones and PDAs), making communication with your peers not only convenient, but also ubiquitous available.

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was originally written by Thomas Mueller
<thomas.mueller@tmit.eu>, for the Debian GNU/Linux
system (but may be used by others).  Permission is 
granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under 
the terms of the GNU General Public License 
version 2 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation. 
